In 1776, the Thirteen Colonies, acting through the Second Continental Congress, 
declared political independence from Great Britain during the American 
Revolution. The new states, though independent of each other as nation 
states, recognized the necessity of closely coordinating their efforts against 
the British. Desiring to avoid anything that remotely resembled a monarchy, 
Congress negotiated the Articles of Confederation to establish a weak alliance 
between the states. As a central authority, Congress under the Articles was 
without any legislative power; it could make its own resolutions, 
determinations, and regulations, but not any laws, nor any taxes or local 
commercial regulations enforceable upon citizens. This institutional design 
reflected the conception of how Americans believed the deposed British system of 
Crown and Parliament ought to have functioned with respect to the royal 
dominion: a superintending body for matters that concerned the entire empire. 
Out from under any monarchy, the states assigned some formerly royal 
prerogatives (e.g., making war, receiving ambassadors, etc.) to Congress, 
while severally lodging the rest within their own respective state governments. 
Only after all the states agreed to a resolution settling competing western 
land claims did the Articles take effect on March 1, 1781, when Maryland 
became the final state to ratify them. In 1783, the Treaty of Paris secured 
independence for each of the former colonies. With peace at hand, the states 
each turned toward their own internal affairs. By 1786, Americans found their 
continental borders besieged and weak, their respective economies in crises 
as neighboring states agitated trade rivalries with one another, witnessed 
their hard currency pouring into foreign markets to pay for imports, their 
Mediterranean commerce preyed upon by North African pirates, and their 
foreign-financed Revolutionary War debts unpaid and accruing interest. 
Civil and political unrest loomed. Following the successful resolution of 
commercial and fishing disputes between Virginia and Maryland at the Mount 
Vernon Conference in 1785, Virginia called for a trade conference between 
all the states, set for September 1786 in Annapolis, Maryland, with an aim 
toward resolving further-reaching interstate commercial antagonisms. When the 
convention failed for lack of attendance due to suspicions among most of the 
other states, the Annapolis delegates called for a convention to offer 
revisions to the Articles, to be held the next spring in Philadelphia. 
Prospects for the next convention appeared bleak until James Madison and 
Edmund Randolph succeeded in securing George Washington's attendance to 
Philadelphia as a delegate for Virginia.